Black Friday the day that marks the
beginning of the shopping season in the
United States of America and its marked
by retailers offering huge discounts to
anyone who comes to their stores now why
is it called Black Friday well when the
day first started the people who had to
work on that day the day following
thanksgiving were so upset with having
to work with all of the problems that
they had a traffic of too many people of
the carnage and chaos they began to
refer to the day as Black Friday and so
the day was born a huge frenzy of people
running into the store to buy things
which let's face it they don't need and
that's kind of the strange thing about
this it looks like a feeding frenzy it
looks like a scene you might expect a
refugee camp during a food handout and
yet these are products that these people
let's face it they could do without this
year two people were shot in an argument
over a parking space huge fight and
really quite serious fights over who
possibly might get their hands on the
next ten dollar cheaper toaster and in
2008 one person was trampled to death
during a stampede to get into walmart
all of this over some cheaper goods
seems fairly strange in Japan when there
is a huge popular event like a comic
book convention their method of
organizing the crowd is profoundly
different to that in the United States
up to 500,000 people attend a comic
convention in Tokyo every year in fact
it happens twice a year and just look at
the difference in a way that the crowds
there are managed why do you think it is
that people in the United States have
such a huge crush and such chaotic
scenes whilst in Japan everything seems
organized and there's a huge amount of
respect rolling through for your fellow
man tell us your answers in a comment
we'll see you again next time
you